#HELPS
0 LICH~
Lich are of medium stature

EYE: COLOR: None 
HAIR: COLOR: None 
HEIGHT: 5'6 to 6'6 
WEIGHT: average 100lbs 
OTHER FEATURES: Pinpoints of light where eyes should be. 
BUILD: Skeletal 

HISTORY: 
The lich is, perhaps, the single most powerful form of undead known to exist. They seek to further 
their own power at all costs and have little or no interest in the affairs of the living, except where 
those affairs interfere with their own. 

A lich greatly resembles a wight or mummy, being gaunt and skeletal in form. The creature's eye 
sockets are black and empty save for the fierce pinpoints of light which serve the lich as eyes 
Liches are usually solitary creatures. They have cast aside their places as living beings by choice 
and now want as little to do with the world of men as possible. From time to time, however, a lich's 
interest in the world at large may be reawakened by some great event of personal importance. 
A lich will make its home in some ominous fortified area, often a strong keep or vast subterranean 
crypt. 

When a lich does decide to become involved with the world beyond its lair, its keen intelligence makes 
it a dangerous adversary. In some cases, a lich will depend on its magical powers to accomplish its 
goals. If this is not sufficient, however, the lich is quite capable of animating a force of undead 
troops to act on its behalf. If such is the case, the lich's endless patience and cunning more than 
make up for the inherent disadvantages of the lesser forms of undead which it commands. 
Although the lich has no interest in good or evil as we understand it, the creature will do whatever 
it must to further its own causes. Since it feels that the living are of little importance, the lich 
is often viewed as evil by those who encounter it. In rare cases, liches of a most unusual nature can 
be found which are of any alignment. 

The lich can exist for centuries without change. Its will drives it onward to master new magics and 
harness mystical powers not available to it in its previous life. So obsessed does the monster become 
with its quest for power that it often forgets its former existence utterly. Few liches call 
themselves by their old names when the years have drained the last vestiges of their humanity from 
them. Instead, they often adopt pseudonyms like ``the Black Hand'' or ``the Forgotten King.'' Learning 
the true name of a lich is rumored to confer power over the creature. 


STARTING STATS:  Str 10 Int 10 Wis 10 Dex 10 Con 10
MAXIMUM STATS: Str 20 Int 20 Wis 20 Dex 20 Con 20 
TRAINING POINTS TO START 19

SPECIAL ABILITIES: bash, fast healing,second attack, sneak, fly
~
0 $~

#RACE
lich~
Lich~
9
100 100 100 100 100 100 
bash~
fast healing~
second attack~
sneak~
fly~
10 10 10 10 10
20 20 20 20 20 
2
11
10900
10900

#INFO
NAME lich~
PCRACE 1
ACT 0
AFF 0
OFF 0
IMM BCL
RES I
VULN DN
FORM BHIMV
PARTS ABCDEFGHIJK
REML 0
#$
