#HELPS
0 VAMPIRE~
vampire are of medium stature

EYE: COLOR: black 
HAIR: COLOR: white 
HEIGHT: 5'5" to 6'4" 
WEIGHT: 120lbs average 
OTHER FEATURES: Lack of reflection 
BUILD: lean 

HISTORY: 
Of all the chaotic evil undead creatures that stalk the world, none is more dreadful than the vampire. 
Moving silently through the night, vampires prey upon the living without mercy or compassion. Unless 
deep underground, they must return to the coffins in which they pass the daylight hours, and even in 
the former case they must occasionally return to such to rest, for their power is renewed by contact 
with soil from their graves. 

One aspect that makes the vampire far more fearful than many of its undead kindred is its appearance. 
Unlike other undead creatures, the vampire can easily pass among normal men without drawing attention 
to itself for, although its facial features are sharp and feral, they do not seem inhuman. In many 
cases, a vampire's true nature is revealed only when it attacks. 

There are ways in which a vampire may be detected by the careful observer, however. Vampires cast no 
reflection in a glass, cast no shadows, and move in complete silence. 

Vampires live in areas of death and desolation where they will not be reminded of the lives they have 
left behind. Ruined castles or chapels and large cemeteries are popular lairs for them, as are sites 
of great tragedies or battles. Vampires often feel a strong attachment to specific areas with some 
morbid significance, like the grave of a suicide or the site of a murder. 

When deciding on a course of action or planning a campaign, vampires move very slowly and 
meticulously. It is not uncommon for a vampire to undertake some scheme which may take decades or even 
centuries to reach its conclusion. Because of the curse of immortality that has fallen upon them, they 
feel that time is always on their side and will often defeat foes who might otherwise overcome them; 
the vampire can simply go into hiding for a few decades until the passing of the years brings down its 
enemies. 

Vampires are normally solitary creatures. When they are found in the company of others of their kind, 
the group will certainly consist of a single vampire lord and a small group of vampires which it has 
created to do its bidding. In this way, the vampire can exert its power over a greater range without 
running the risk of exposing itself to attack by would-be heroes. 

In general, vampires feel only contempt for the world and its inhabitants. Denied the pleasures of a 
true life, they have become dark and twisted creatures bent on revenge and terror. When a vampire 
creates another of its kind, it considers the new creature a mere tool. The minion will be sent on 
missions which the vampire feels may be too dangerous or unimportant for its personal attention. If 
the need arises, these pawns will gladly be sacrificed to protect or further the ends of their master. 
The vampire has no place in the world of living creatures. It is a thing of darkness that exists only 
to bring about evil and chaos. Almost without exception, the vampire is feared and hated by those who 
dwell in the regions in which it chooses to make its home. The vampire's unnatural presence is 
all-pervasive and will cause dogs and similar animals to raise a cry of alarm at the presence of the 
creature. 

Vampires sustain themselves by draining the life force from living creatures. Unless they have a 
specific need to create additional minions, however, they are careful to avoid killing those they 
attack. In cases where the death of a victim is desired, the vampire will take care to see that the 
body is destroyed and thus will not rise as an undead. 

STARTING STATS:  Str 10 Int 10 Wis 10 Dex 10 Con 10
MAXIMUM STATS: Str 19 Int 18 Wis 18 Dex 19 Con 18 
TRAINING POINTS TO START 23

SPECIAL ABILITIES: 
~
0 $~

#RACE
vampire~
Vam~
9
100 100 100 100 100 100 
~
~
~
~
~
10 10 10 10 10
20 20 20 20 20
2
11
10900
10900

#INFO
NAME vampire~
PCRACE 1
ACT 0
AFF JT
OFF FH
IMM Q
RES B
VULN HNSY
FORM AHMV
PARTS ABCDEFGHIJK
REML 0
#$
